ai ml engineer senior ai ml engineer senior ai ml engineer senior vantor forging the new frontier spatial intelligence helping decision makers and operators navigate what s happening now and shape what s coming next. vantor place for problem solvers changemakers and go-getters-where people are working together help our customers see the world differently and doing seen differently. come part mission not just job where you can shape your own future build the next big thing and change the world. eligible for this position you must u.s. citizen. this position requires active u.s. government security clearance applicants who not currently hold the required clearance will not eligible for consideration. employment for cleared roles contingent upon verification clearance status. export control itar certain roles may subject u.s. export control laws requiring u.s. person status defined 8 u.s.c. 1324b 3 . please review the job details below. this position requires active u.s. government security clearance the ts sci level with ci polygraph. this role helps design build integrate and sustain secure technical capabilities that support high-volume analysis and mission operations. the position contributes ai-enabled data-driven solutions that help users work across complex datasets scale improve operational outcomes and accelerate the delivery mission-relevant applications and services. all work performed secure environments. work location joint base anacostia arlington va or reston va. responsibilities defines develops and delivers machine learning models and ai solutions tests deploys and maintains ai systems optimizes al models for performance scalability and efficiency leveraging cloud-based resources and distributed computing frameworks manages the data flow and infrastructure for effective ai deployment including the preprocessing data ensures the quality and accuracy data fed into models and deploys these models into production conducts data analysis preprocessing and feature engineering extract valuable insights from large datasets improving model performance applies machine learning algorithms large sets structured and unstructured data solve broad range problems that include applications pattern recognition target detection and tracking machine learning and decision systems may use system-of-systems and multi-agent approaches architect and design ai software systems minimum qualifications list clearance level if required and u.s citizenship requirement education experience e.g. bs cs or equivalent practical experience. core skills e.g. proficiency python java sql data structures algorithms. tools tech e.g. aws gcp azure spark kafka containers ci cd. other must-haves e.g. ability work onsite x days week travel up y . preferred qualifications experience with domain industry geospatial defense fintech etc. . built operated systems scale latency . familiarity with governance compliance frameworks relevant you . contributions open source community or published work. prior work cross-functional teams pm design ds . pay transparency support pay transparency vantor disclose salary ranges all u.s. job postings. the successful candidate s starting pay will fall within the salary range provided below and determined based job-related factors including but not limited the experience qualifications knowledge skills geographic work location and market conditions. candidates with the minimum necessary experience qualifications knowledge and skillsets for the position should not expect receive the upper end the pay range. the base pay for this position within the washington dc metropolitan area 113 000.00 - 188 000.00 annually. for all other states use geographic cost labor input develop market-driven ranges for our roles and such each location where hire may have different range. benefits vantor offers competitive total rewards package that goes beyond the standard including robust 401 k with company match mental health resources and unique perks like student loan repayment assistance adoption reimbursement and pet insurance support all aspects your life. you can find more information our benefits the application window three days from the date the job posted and will remain posted until qualified candidate has been identified for hire. if the job reposted regardless reason will remain posted three days from the date the job reposted and will remain reposted until qualified candidate has been identified for hire. the date posting can found vantor s career page the top each job posting. apply submit your application via vantor s career page. eeo policy vantor equal opportunity employer committed inclusive workplace. believe fostering environment where all team members feel respected valued and encouraged share their ideas. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard race color religion national origin sex gender identity sexual orientation disability protected veteran status age or any other characteristic protected law. vantor forging the new frontier spatial intelligence helping decision makers and operators navigate what s happening now and shape what s coming next. vantor equal opportunity employer committed inclusive workplace. believe fostering environment where all team members feel respected valued and encouraged share their ideas. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard race color religion national origin sex gender identity sexual orientation disability protected veteran status age or any other characteristic protected law. also provide reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities compliance with federal and state laws. if you need assistance with the online application or hiring process please email . vantor employment candidate privacy notice and consent